Here is a sample - use this format:

1. Ray Kurzweil - A University for the coming singularity
https://www.ted.com/talks/ray_kurzweil_announces_singularity_university

He starts off with the Information Technology and exponential growth. The comparison of his computer at MIT and our cell phones is very true. My cell phone in high school was really slow and the UI was not as responsive. Now I realize that my phone is a browser and has applications and works with an operating system. It really is a computer. I wonder what he is talking about today? It must be about 10 year. I wonder how much prediction he is satisfied with. I found that he is now interested in uploading consciousness. He would like the neo cortex to be extended to one that is stored in the cloud. Seeing him talk about the exponential growth of tech to the bio tech topic today is really interesting. Today he talks about the cloud, which are just servers that are available to users all over the world. Clouds are just computers that we can connect to. I think today the difference is the networking and the services associated with the servers. So with my brain today I think he would like us to get connected to remote servers with artificial intelligence. So in the near future we will do less cashier and labor work. The robots with do that. It only makes since that a company will also have an AI system that needs to managed as well. We are getting really interested in computing.  


2. Stephen Wolfram - Computing a theory of all knowledge
https://www.ted.com/talks/stephen_wolfram_computing_a_theory_of_everything

The topic is surreal and I am very atracted to it. Mathmatica, Wolfram Alpha and a new kind of science. Although this was made in 2010, he is working with a timless theme. The visual diagrhrams are amazing. We took a look at some celular automota visualizations. He somehow created a new type of science. I wish that I could use a tool like wolfram alpha to gather the data that like he does. The search results that he got back were amazing. It calculated where the international space station. I guess this is where the smart people get jobs. They become the exports which parse the knowledge. This search engine is so flexible and accurate. I need to find a way to keep this under my belt so that I can look up information. I am very happy with finding this tool. 


3. Kwabena Boahen - A computer that works like the brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/kwabena_boahen_on_a_computer_that_works_like_the_brain

He worked with the Basic programming language and came from a time when working with computers was a very thought full process. In Santa Monica and in California we have some electrical luxury. He makes me realize that we should try our best to solve some problems because of how privileged we are. Our brains are so efficient. It takes so much less energy to think about creative solutions. He says that the computer works like the brain and that makes sense because we created the computer and humans tend to make things that are similar to themselves. 


4. Gordon Browm - Wiring a web for global good
https://www.ted.com/talks/gordon_brown

His way of speaking is very different than I am used to. He talks about how our ability to communicate instantaneously creates a globally connected culture. This changes our ethics and moves towards a global society which is different from a nation perspective. I like what he believes in but I think for someone like me, I see that it is important for individuals in a community to first be respectful to each other and be less of a nuisance to each other. I am so narrow minded in this matter because I have been living in a city for so long. I feel very immature in this topic but I can see how it relates to me. I think the interconnected nature of our technology is giving us so much insight about different parts of the world. At the end of the day though you still need an information parser because it will be way to much data for any one person. You need software to help with the sifting and for people with good intentions to work hard at coming up with solutions. I am still optimistic and have been for a long time. I would like to live a happy life and work on coding projects to help others. 


5. Chris Urmson - How a driverless car sees the road
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_urmson_how_a_driverless_car_sees_the_road

I was never really excited about driverless cars but there is a certain amount of amazement with this topic. It relates to helping the whole world. I think this is an interesting solution to driving. I do see that driving is very dangerous and I know why. Cars are very strong and traffic is very bad. I don't really like driving next to people. I try to get over to Santa Monica around 6am because it is very smooth. I leave Santa Monica at about 10pm because I hate the traffic. Public transit is a big problem. In Los Angeles we have so many smart people, if we could resolve traffic problems we can all have more time to solve better problems. In some places you need roads but once you have roads this car technology can really help. I have seen an automatic parking car and it didn't do a very good job. I think it was about 25 minutes that this car was trying to get in but I'm sure this will get better. I know this is not that ready of a technology but I wish I had the education to be able to work on this kind of car. At Santa Monica College we only get into the surface of programming things like this but I found this https://www.udacity.com/course/self-driving-car-engineer-nanodegree--nd013 on Udacity. I wonder why sometimes some curriculums are so advanced in other places. I thought we were at silicon beach. I could program a car simulation with the same software as them if it were presented to me. I think Unity is very good for this kind of simulation. Game programming is very helpful to understand. 


6. Mitch Resnick - Let's tech kids to code
https://www.ted.com/talks/mitch_resnick_let_s_teach_kids_to_code

Mitch has a good point about young people being behind the screens. We interact but much less experiece with creating with new technologies. He says that it is much like we can read but not write. I think a good two year curiculum could really move the community of Santa Monica. I have been around to a few meetups and they are using technologies like React, Ruby, Node, Pyhton and Unity. I think scratch is good for childeren, maybe I could get a job teaching children how to make these little games. I wonder if Youtube uses scratch? I think last time I checked they were in python land. Stanford recently changed up their curiculum to javascript as the beginer comp sci class. I looked up what language scratch was made in. I found that it had moved from adobe flash to html5. Once I inspected the website with chrome debugger tools I found that it uses React JS. It is really crazy how often I am seeing this framwork. React.js uses DOM manipulation. Before people were really excited about Angular then angular 2 and backbone was in there somewhere. React.js is even used by MIT and facebook. 


7. David McCandless - The beauty of data visualization
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_mccandless_the_beauty_of_data_visualization

Data glut can be solved by using our eyes more. Data is the new Oil, I guess that makes sense. His relations from data to soil is also interesting. I wonder what kind of data could be derived from the students and Santa Monica College. I bet we could see students are using UBER more often because of all the coupons that get left at the bus station. It is weird how many computer science majors become UBER drivers. Every time I talk to one they tell me they are a Computer Science Major. I just stopped taking UBER because it was depressing. From what I have heard many students don't know much about where they can really be in the workforce. They rely on games because that is what their worlds are. I like this data visualization stuff and have been pretty interested in the D3 javascript library but have not had a chance to use it. I would need some data to work with. I will spend the rest of today finding an API that I could use. Watching videos while trying to search for jobs and internships is hard. I want to tell employers that I know what is better for the future but they look at me and tell me to put in the time. I need to practice my algorithms.


8. Nicholas Negroponte - Talking OLPC to Colombia
https://www.ted.com/talks/nicholas_negroponte_takes_olpc_to_colombia

This guy makes a big difference. I wonder how I could help him. It would be nice if Santa Monica College had a connection to programs like this. It could make everyone productive. The internet changes the children's perspective. This is a very humanitarian deed to do. These children will be the ones moving society forward in their own areas. When you look at this kind of perspective and think about your daily life, it makes me feel stressed and embarrassed. Our societies are at different stages so when we look at what is happening in Colombia compared to America it seems very different. I am just more surprised about how limited our connection to useful projects and technologies are. This is very weird.


9. Danny Hills - The internet could crash. We need a Plan B
https://www.ted.com/talks/danny_hillis_the_internet_could_crash_we_need_a_plan_b

Students should learn more about wired internet connections and Wifi technologies. I have such limited knowledge on these two topics but they drive my daily life. If the internet crashed I would just look into the sky be helpless. That is embarrassing. This is why I choose to study more about computer and web development. I wonder what all those people in the audience are doing as an occupation. They have all come to see this one guy speak. He looks like he is on a stage doing a monolog. I have never thought of being an internet engineer until just now. That seems like a valuable skill. I didn't know we used the internet for the pumping of gas. So if the internet crashes then what do we do? He says just pay attention and don't forget how much of the internet is in use for all the little services that we have come think are ordinary. He makes a good point but again with this kind of lecture I feel eager to make something happen. Maybe after the years pass I will have a solution of my own or be solution less. 


10. Conrad Wolfram - Teaching kids real math with computers
https://www.ted.com/talks/conrad_wolfram_teaching_kids_real_math_with_computers

This guy speaks to me. We do calculate by hand in math classes these days. I did find that you can map log functions with a mac. The applications is called grapher. He sounds British, I wonder if that is where he is from. I still have a few math classes to go for this computer science major. It would be awesome to use a good computer. I would like to write functions that would do calculations. These lectures are really good argument for dropping out of college but I know for a fact that the real world is very hard as well. I have been trying to finish Computer Science at Santa Monica College for too long. I know much more than I have learned in class but people want a paper that says you graduated or they want an awesome github repo. I would love to learn from this man and going through his curriculum. I have seen some of these applicants on the internet and tried some. I don't really know a curriculum that works with programming.