Here is a sample - use this format:

1. Nick Bostrom - The Simulation Argument (Full)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnl6nY8YKHs&feature=youtu.be

Nick Bostrom talks about the simulation argument. There are three propositions he says are true. First civilization in our stage of development go extinct before maturity. Next we lose interest in creating a simulation of the mind, conscious being. He calls them ancestor simulations. Lastly we are living in a simulation, since we are in a simulation then there are many simulations. This made me think about perception differently. Especially as a student working on the computer so often. I wish that I could work with this guy but I am not sure what I would do for him or his team. I wonder if he is interested in creating simulations. I think there are many tools for doing such things but I would wonder if he thinks that those are not true representations of simulations. I always wondered if we could jet past a few hundred decades and attempt to speed up our evolution what would happen. He is interesting to listen to after a long day. 


2. Brewster Kahle - A Free Digital Library
https://www.ted.com/talks/brewster_kahle_builds_a_free_digital_library

Brewster is very passionate about bringing information from the past to the present and the future. I like what he is working towards. I like his culture and I wish that in the workplace you can get this kind of culture. He is concentrating on information which is the core of what we do. I think I could help him with his organization of information. He might have a solution already and I would love to assist him because his cause is worth working towards. I don't really hear from people like him very often but I do like what he is saying. One main argument for his case is the ability to make logical decisions by comparing accurate data. Personally that is really valuable. Using data to compare and create solutions. Creating jobs from creating books is just such a great thing. Even if its not produced in a quick way like the machines. We should continue to make books even if we have them online because its just important. Those hard forms of information need to sit around the earth.


3. Dale Dougherty - We Are Makers
https://www.ted.com/talks/dale_dougherty_we_are_makers

In this video I learning about TED talks transcripts functionality. It was nice to follow along with the words. He talks about humans curiosity to make machines. Some of the machines that were made were really wild. He really sweeps the spirit of making. I want to make a game using React.js, I will do that before the end of the month. The transcript functionality is really awesome it does music and narration. It would be pretty awesome for this class if we made something that we could show to potential employers. That is really what I need from my computer science curriculum.
Another thing he talked about was the community of creators. I like that becauaes you need similar minded people to progress the enthusiam for the technology. I think that is why some of the microcontrollers and programming languages have gained so much popularity. The community is keeping the tech alive and updating it and using it to solve problems.
He is a really jolly guy, I like his style.  


4. David Hanson - Robots That Relate To You

This Doctor has so much character. His mustache is intense, his case is interesting. I think he is dissecting what it means to have emotional intelligence. I would wonder how these androids would be integrated into the real world. I am ready to walk side by side with them. I am wondering where the robots and androids are. Their existence in our life may just make us all be motivated to do something greater in our life. If though we get bored with creating a self conscious being then we may not be in a mature civilization. These robots and androids could be part of a simulation to help us achieve a simulation of reality. Thinking about this is very philosophical and for the most part I still believe that the world around me is reality. Sometimes I do think that I could hack though it. Hacking through reality could be fun but after that the world and my life would never be the same. I will keep on chucking along with simply being a computer science major and working towards becoming a software engineer. That for me is enough to master for now. 


5. Nick Bostrom - What Happends When Our Computers Get Smarter Thank We Are

Nick Bostrom has in interesting way of thinking about the future. I am curios to know how he got to his level of thinking. Why did he make his way into this territory? Off topic, I am noticing that this TED website was made with React.js. It is funny how I am seeing it pop up on many different web sites. React.js is a front end javascript library made by facebook. So he is saying that complexity takes time. How did he get his brain to think about this regularly? Did he work at a coffee shop and think all day or did he study all his life until he developed a voice? OK when he started talking about the speed of neurons, then I realize that he has a really in depth intuitively mathematical understanding of the physical world. In computers the speed of data flow is at the speed of light. He has a good point about the evolution of artificial intelligence. His perspective makes me think of time differently. I feel like there are moments when my brain thinks at the speed of light but if that were true I would not be simply taking this class. I would be inventing the best next solution for something great. When we create a problem solving machine we should just leave out the possibility of using humans as a solution. Human manipulation is not a solution because they should be working for us unless we wanted them to destroy humans. The moral values of the AI should have similar values to ours, that is a good idea. I like his opinion about that. The best person to work on AI would be someone like him, Him and his group. I think he has good intentions but I believe someone like him because I cannot daily think of a solution like him. He is really dedicated to his beliefs and is a very inspiring scholar. 

6. Catherine Mohr-Surgery's Past, Present and Robotic Future

It was absolutely amazing to see how advanced surgery has become. I have never had surgery in my life and I honestly did not know exactly how it was done. This lecture enlightened me that surgery is no longer just a doctor cutting a patient open but it is now very advanced robots that do most of the work. It was also amazing to see how small yet precise the robotic instruments were compared to the footage of the doctor controlling this instruments by hand. It is interesting to see how technology has so many applications in this world nowadays and how computers are pretty much the backbone of most technology.

7. Chris Anderson-Technology's Long Tail

What I got out of this particular lecture was how all of the things he was talking about, and all of the predictions he was making were just about spot on. The lecture was from 2004 and he was speaking about netflix which basically put blockbuster out of business. Linux is almost as popular as apple and microsoft operating systems nowadays. Also I see a prius or another hybrid maybe 50 times a day. So, every technology he spoke about is still existent today and thriving just like he said it would 10 years later. It is interesting how fast technology advances this time and how basic the actual advancement of it is. Anderson laid it out into four steps and these steps are still very prevalent today.

8. Ray Kurzweil- A University for the Coming Singularity

This lecture was interesting but kind of frightening to me at the same time. It was amazing to know that technology will soon have the entire world connected. I really want to go into the field of Computer Programming but the way Kurzweil described how fast technology is growing and where it will be in the future made me question my own abilities. It is overwhelming to me to actually see how far technology has come in recent years from not only a material standpoint, for instance how much better cellphones have gotten, but from a numbers standpoint as well. Technology is growing exponentially and I hope I can keep up with it.

9. Alan Kay- A Powerful Idea About Ideas

This lecture made me wish I had teachers like the ones described when I was a kid. I just wonder how much better a student I could have been or would have been with the right teaching. It is true the children are the future and with the right opportunities the children of today have a real chance to make the world a better place. I mean there could be a child in the third world who has the right brain to develop a cure for cancer but without the opportunity for creative and innovative thinking that cure would never be discovered. This is why those laptops are so important and such a great idea.

10. Sergey Brin- Why Google Glass?

My reaction to this lecture was not as eye opening as many of the others. The one thing I did take away from this is how true it is that checking your cellphone is indeed like a nervous habit. I am totally guilty of it as well. For instance, I take my cellphone pretty much everywhere, and if I'm not doing anything important I almost always take out my phone to pass time on it. I'm interested to see if in the future how Google Glass will become the norm when it is introduced to the public. I will also be interested to see if it will catch on very quickly and perhaps even take over the cellphone industry.