Why the future doesn't need us summary


Bill Joy has a good concern for what could come to us if we let the machines do all of the work for us. He also gives us insight about what could happen if we continue to let humans control machines. He seems to be concerned about the differences between 20th century technology and 21st century technologies. Mostly that 21st century technology can be much more dangerous to society. Mainly because of replication and the ease of access. 

He says that we are making true Kurzweil's and Moravec's dreams come true. This articles was written in 2000 and still is very insightful about the future of technology and humans. Its a bit hard for me to talk about the subject Objectively. The dream I guess if for intelligent machines to do the work for us. I think for good while they will simply be our extensions, then eventually we will make all the mistakes which will create a need for the machines to do the work. I think we can see that in the assembly line. Humans are only there for some processes. Even when writing software we have created tools for us to watch our syntax and semantic errors. We still have the desire to make something happen with those technologies. The machines themselves only have to run a process. When they have desire they will work toward a reward then we will have trouble because it could be that humans are in there way. 

I like the approach that Japan and US film industry have taken with robotics. They are more of an entertainment form and once people can become comfortable with robots in that sense then they will start to get into other parts of our society. 

In 2017 we are still at a point where culturally we are not so ready for the machines to do all the work for us. I think in about 10 years it will really really be in front of our faces. I mean I drove a parking assisted Toyota Prius. My Mum had a surgery that used robot type arms to reach deep into her stomach and I work with computers all day.

I think he writes good articles, the title is very shocking and brings people in. It does a good job of putting into perspective the need for humans but really we will always need people as much as people want. People are what need people and right now we are working every day to work for people, ideas and the planet. We are so self indulgent, how could we not need each other. 